docs/source/Tutorial/resources/corpus_resources.rst, before:

=========================
Corpus-specific resources
=========================

It is possible to use LDT as simply another dictionary resource. However, if you are interested in LDT as a tool for
exploring and profiling word embeddings, comparing models will only be fair if they started from the same raw corpus.
To this end, we are sharing the data that we used in our experiments. `Get in touch <http://www.cs.uml.edu/~arogers/>`_
if you'd like to make your data available here in the same way.

English Wikipedia, August 2013 dump, pre-processed:

 * `One-sentence per line, cleaned from punctuation <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZKxYV7ZIl9KNR5oLa5K2OMQlVuW1XJ1IV0V>`_
 * `One-word-per-line, parser tokenization <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZYcQV7ZR67964yEkEJhgHaM273JjptIUEpX>`_
    (this is the version used in the non-dependency-parsed embeddings downloadable below, so use this one if you would
    like to have embeddings that are directly comparable).
 * `Dependency-parsed version (CoreNLP Stanford parser) <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ1nbV7ZTdOs3qzO6p7X3lzX7Ychmbqc2unX>`_

The dump was originally presented in `this paper <http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/D17-1256>`_ by Li et al., who used it
to compare the effect of 4 types of syntactic context (symmetrical/positional linear and dependency-based). They also
generated 60 Skip-Gram, CBOW and GloVe embeddings with vector sizes 25, 50, 100, 250 and 500 in each of these conditions.
All the original embeddings are available in
`vecto library <http://vecto.readthedocs.io/en/docs/tutorial/getting_vectors.html#pre-trained-vsms>`_.

Commit message:

tutorial on lexicographic resources, get_relations defaulting to "all".

docs/source/Tutorial/resources/corpus_resources.rst, after:

=========================
Corpus-specific resources
=========================

It is possible to use LDT as simply another dictionary resource. However, if you are interested in LDT as a tool for
exploring and profiling word embeddings, comparing models will only be fair if they started from the same raw corpus.
To this end, we are sharing the data that we used in our experiments. `Get in touch <http://www.cs.uml.edu/~arogers/>`_
if you'd like to make your data available here in the same way.

Corpus resources files for English Wikipedia, August 2013 dump can be `downloaded here <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZzMFe7Z20t1QWsappQy7BlRdvrqcbrAM6HV>`_. The archive includes:
  - frequency dictionary,
  - cooccurrence data for linear unbound context window size 2,
  - vocab file containing 269,864 words by which which all embeddings were filtered in the experiments described in the `LDT paper <http://aclweb.org/anthology/C18-1228>`_.

The corpus itself, pre-processed:

 * `One-sentence per line, cleaned from punctuation <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZKxYV7ZIl9KNR5oLa5K2OMQlVuW1XJ1IV0V>`_
 * `One-word-per-line, parser tokenization <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZYcQV7ZR67964yEkEJhgHaM273JjptIUEpX>`_
    (this is the version used in the non-dependency-parsed embeddings downloadable below, so use this one if you would
    like to have embeddings that are directly comparable).
 * `Dependency-parsed version (CoreNLP Stanford parser) <https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZ1nbV7ZTdOs3qzO6p7X3lzX7Ychmbqc2unX>`_

The dump was originally presented in `this paper <http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/D17-1256>`_ by Li et al., who used it
to compare the effect of 4 types of syntactic context (symmetrical/positional linear and dependency-based). They also
generated 60 Skip-Gram, CBOW and GloVe embeddings with vector sizes 25, 50, 100, 250 and 500 in each of these conditions.
All the original embeddings are available in
`vecto library <http://vecto.readthedocs.io/en/docs/tutorial/getting_vectors.html#pre-trained-vsms>`_.
